прев首曲
There were only the preachers in the school room
That when the ladders were broken and it was burnt
Kicking it about, throwing it away in nearby
Prisoners and Helpers who were those two
Aya-no-wa-suke oishii sezae-mon
Etari-to-ryon-in-ni kirimusu-beri
The
Aya-no-wa-suke oishii sezae-mon
Etari-to-ryon-in-ni kirimusu-beri
At this time, the Jujirou
is waiting for the door of Jumonji.
If the remaining one comes,
I will scream, I will stand, I will fly,
I will catch, I will throw, I will catch, I will throw,
I will see what is going on.
The Jujirou is waiting for the door of Jumonji.
I don't know if this is
the strange Jujirou.
A story of the Jujirou
The Jujirou is waiting for the door of Jumonji.
A story of the Jujirou is waiting for the door of Jumonji.
I don't know if this is the strange Jujirou.
Thank you for watching!